c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication2.exe.config
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication2.exe
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication2.pdb
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\XapDeployDll.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication2.Form1.resources
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication2.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication2.exe
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication2.pdb
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xde.Common.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\XDE.exe
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xde.WindowsAPICodePack.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xde.Client.RdpClientInterop.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\microsoft.xde.client.rdpclientaxhost.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xde.Interface.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xde.Wmi.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xde.Communication.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xde.Tools.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Maps.MapControl.WPF.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Maps.MapControl.WPF.xml
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\de-DE\Microsoft.Xde.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\es-ES\Microsoft.Xde.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\fr-FR\Microsoft.Xde.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\it-IT\Microsoft.Xde.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\ja-JP\Microsoft.Xde.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\ko-KR\Microsoft.Xde.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\ru-RU\Microsoft.Xde.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\zh-CN\Microsoft.Xde.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\zh-TW\Microsoft.Xde.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\de-DE\XDE.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\es-ES\XDE.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\fr-FR\XDE.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\it-IT\XDE.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\ja-JP\XDE.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\ko-KR\XDE.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\ru-RU\XDE.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\zh-CN\XDE.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\zh-TW\XDE.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\de-DE\Microsoft.Xde.Wmi.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\es-ES\Microsoft.Xde.Wmi.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\fr-FR\Microsoft.Xde.Wmi.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\it-IT\Microsoft.Xde.Wmi.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\ja-JP\Microsoft.Xde.Wmi.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\ko-KR\Microsoft.Xde.Wmi.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\ru-RU\Microsoft.Xde.Wmi.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\zh-CN\Microsoft.Xde.Wmi.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\zh-TW\Microsoft.Xde.Wmi.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\de-DE\Microsoft.Xde.Communication.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\es-ES\Microsoft.Xde.Communication.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\fr-FR\Microsoft.Xde.Communication.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\it-IT\Microsoft.Xde.Communication.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\ja-JP\Microsoft.Xde.Communication.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\ko-KR\Microsoft.Xde.Communication.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\ru-RU\Microsoft.Xde.Communication.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\zh-CN\Microsoft.Xde.Communication.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\zh-TW\Microsoft.Xde.Communication.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\de-DE\Microsoft.Xde.Tools.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\es-ES\Microsoft.Xde.Tools.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\fr-FR\Microsoft.Xde.Tools.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\it-IT\Microsoft.Xde.Tools.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\ja-JP\Microsoft.Xde.Tools.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\ko-KR\Microsoft.Xde.Tools.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\ru-RU\Microsoft.Xde.Tools.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\zh-CN\Microsoft.Xde.Tools.resources.dll
c:\users\pacarba\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication2\WindowsFormsApplication2\bin\Debug\zh-TW\Microsoft.Xde.Tools.resources.dll
C:\Users\pacarba\Desktop\upload\bin\Debug\WPScreenShoter.exe.config
